All right after launching our public you see two instance.
The next thing that we're going to do is to lounge a private is to instance so to do that.
There are a couple of things that we're going to have to do.
And the first of those is to have a private security group and to do that I'm going to have to go back
to my UC tube and actually to my yes a C to class and for my security group as you can see I have to
provide a group name a description and a VPC Id only the distinguishing part for the security groups
as being public or private.
Do you have rules that you add to this security group.
But remember Dad says we're adding to security group since we're adding this to instance within the
private subnet.
It's not going to be able to assign itself a public IP address.
So the security group is only matters to the resources within my public and private subnet nothing other
than that.
So let's just duplicate this ad in-bound rule to security group so we can simply allow the same thing
to our private subnet because it's not going to matter for our private easy to instance.
Again this is the way to add the access control to your E.S. to instance.
But again this doesn't make any change to my private easy to instance since it's in the private subnet
without any IP addresses are connections from the outside world except my public subnet.
So let's go back to our implementation class and let's just say
adding a nother security group
for private to instance and for creating the security group.
Let's just say private
security group name.
And I'm going to say both are three private security group and for the description of this security
group
I'm going to say private security group for private subnet and for the last part I'm going to launch
my security group.
So let's just say private security group response is B.S. to dot create security group and forward a
name private security group name and forwarded description.
Private security group description.
That's basically everything I need to have my private security group.
But just like we did with our public security group we're going to have to get the group ID from our
AWOS response.
So let's do that now and private security group I.D. is going to be private security group response
and group Id just like that.
So this information is going to help us to use this private security group when we launch our private
subnet private actually easy to instance within our private subnet.
So let's go down here and now start launching our private.
Easy to instance.
But before we do that let's just take up this a.m.-I to a variable and let's just go up here and say
am I.D. and I'm just going to put that here and also my I'd just like that so we can now lounge are
private is the to instance easy to dot lounge easy to instance and my ID.
I'm going to use the same key pair and I'm going to have a one instance as the minimum and maximum and
private security group ID and for the subnet I'm going to use the private subnet and I don't have to
provide any user data because I simply don't want to have anything launching when I have my easy to
instance lounge on a W-S.
So I'm just going to keep it like this.
All right.
So before we move on let us also add the rule to our security group.
And to do that we're going to have to call the inbound method that we implemented earlier.
So I'm just going to go down here and
add rule to private security group.
And again this rule set is not going to have any effect in my easy to instance.
This is only for the resources coming from private subnet or the public subnet within my PC.
No one's outside is going to be accessing my see two instance in any way.
So let's just say that and add the rule to our security group for our private security group and here
we go.
Let's just also comment as and say launch and launch a private easy to instance unless also unafraid
does as
lounge a public see to instance.
And here we go while we're actually about to finish our implementation for the most parts of it and
we can now actually Rhonda's and check out how all of this created for us on a W-S.